README updates (#14)
hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad: README.md

the Gruntwork Infrastructure as Code
Library](https://gruntwork.io/guides/foundations/how-to-use-gruntwork-infrastructure-as-code-library/)!

### Core concepts

* [Nomad Use Cases](https://www.nomadproject.io/intro/use-cases.html): overview of various use cases that Nomad is
  optimized for.
* [Nomad Guides](https://www.nomadproject.io/guides/index.html): official guide on how to configure and setup Nomad
  clusters as well as how to use Nomad to schedule services on to the workers.
* [Nomad Security](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master/modules/nomad-cluster#security): overview of how to secure your Nomad clusters.

### Repo organization

* [modules](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master/modules): the main implementation code for this repo, broken down into multiple standalone, orthogonal submodules.
* [examples](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master/examples): This folder contains working examples of how to use the submodules.
* [test](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master/test): Automated tests for the modules and examples.

> * [root](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master): The root folder is *an example* of how to use the [nomad-cluster module](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master/modules/nomad-cluster) module to deploy a [Nomad](https://www.nomadproject.io/) cluster in [AWS](https://aws.amazon.com/). The Terraform Registry requires the root of every repo to contain Terraform code, so we've put one of the examples there. This example is great for learning and experimenting, but for production use, please use the underlying modules in the [modules folder](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master/modules) directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [root](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master): The root folder is *an example* of how to use the [nomad-cluster module](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master/modules/nomad-cluster) module to deploy a [Nomad](https://www.nomadproject.io/) cluster in [GCP](https://cloud.google.com/). The Terraform Registry requires the root of every repo to contain Terraform code, so we've put one of the examples there. This example is great for learning and experimenting, but for production use, please use the underlying modules in the [modules folder](https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-google-nomad/tree/master/modules) directly.
```

Author: Good catch!
